• Arrays/Lists:
	• Difference between Python lists and arrays (e.g., array module, NumPy arrays).
	• Performance implications of operations like insertion, deletion, and access at different positions.
	• Problems involving sorting, searching, and manipulating elements within lists (e.g., finding duplicates, merging sorted lists, rotating arrays).

The array module in Python provides an efficient way to store and manipulate arrays of basic numeric values. Unlike Python lists, which can hold elements of different data types, arrays created using the array module are homogeneous, meaning all elements must be of the same specified type. This homogeneity allows for more compact storage and faster operations, especially when dealing with large datasets of a single type.
Key characteristics and functionalities of the array module:
Homogeneous Data Types:
Arrays store elements of a single, fixed data type, specified by a "type code" during creation (e.g., 'i' for signed integers, 'f' for floats).
Memory Efficiency:
Due to their fixed data type, arrays consume less memory compared to lists for large collections of homogeneous data.
Performance:
Operations on arrays can be faster than on lists, particularly for numerical computations, as they can leverage underlying C-level implementations.
Creation:
Arrays are created using the array.array() constructor, providing a type code and an iterable of initial values.
                                                                                                
Python

    import array
    my_array = array.array('i', [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]) # 'i' for signed integers

                                                                                                
Operations: Arrays support various operations similar to lists, including:
Indexing and Slicing: Accessing and extracting elements or sub-arrays using numerical indices.
Appending and Extending: Adding elements to the end or extending with elements from another iterable using append() and extend().
Inserting: Inserting elements at a specific index using insert().
Removing: Removing elements by value using remove() or by index using pop().
Converting: Converting to a list using tolist() or to bytes using tobytes().
When to use the array module:
The array module is beneficial when: 
You need to store a large collection of homogeneous numeric data.
Memory efficiency is a critical concern.
Performance for numerical operations is a priority.
You are working with low-level data structures or interfacing with C/binary files.
For more complex numerical operations and multi-dimensional arrays, the NumPy library is generally preferred over the built-in array module.
